docs: adding verify konv install topic (#4199)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/konvoy/2.2/choose-infrastructure/verify-installation/index.md

---
layout: layout.pug
navigationTitle: 
title: Verify Konvoy installation
menuWeight: 50
excerpt: Check DKP components to verify the status of your cluster
enterprise: false
beta: false
---

> In this section, we show you how to verify a Konvoy installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section we show you how to verify a Konvoy installation.
```

## Check the cluster infrastructure and nodes

> DKP ships with some default diagnosis tools to check your cluster (such as the `describe` command).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DKP ships with some default diagnosis tools to check your cluster, such as the `describe` command.
```

You can use those tools to validate your installation.

If you have not done so already, set the environment variable for your cluster name, substituting `my-dkp-cluster` with the name of your cluster:

```bash
export CLUSTER_NAME=my-dkp-cluster
```

Then, run this command to check the health of the cluster infrastructure:

```bash
dkp describe cluster --cluster-name=${CLUSTER_NAME}
```

> If the cluster is healthy, you should see output similar to this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A healthy cluster returns an output similar to:
```

    ├─Machine/my-dkp-cluster-md-0-88488cb74-9xmc6                  True                     121m          
    └─Machine/my-dkp-cluster-md-0-88488cb74-mjf6s                  True                     121m     
```

Use this `kubectl` command to check to see if all cluster nodes are ready:

```bash
kubectl get nodes
```

The output should look similar to this, with all statuses set to `Ready`

```bash
NAME                                         STATUS   ROLES                  AGE    VERSION
ip-10-0-112-116.us-west-2.compute.internal   Ready    <none>                 135m   v1.21.6
ip-10-0-122-142.us-west-2.compute.internal   Ready    <none>                 135m   v1.21.6
ip-10-0-186-214.us-west-2.compute.internal   Ready    control-plane,master   133m   v1.21.6
ip-10-0-231-82.us-west-2.compute.internal    Ready    control-plane,master   135m   v1.21.6
ip-10-0-71-114.us-west-2.compute.internal    Ready    <none>                 135m   v1.21.6
ip-10-0-71-207.us-west-2.compute.internal    Ready    <none>                 135m   v1.21.6
ip-10-0-85-253.us-west-2.compute.internal    Ready    control-plane,master   137m   v1.21.6
```

> If your install is successful, all the above commands should return as Ready or True.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify a successful installation, all of the previous commands should return as Ready or True.
```

## Verify all pods are running

All pods installed by DKP should be in `Running` or `Completed` status if the install is successful.

```bash
kubectl get pods --all-namespaces
```

## Troubleshooting

> If any pod is not in `Running` or `Completed` status, you may need to investigate further why.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any pod is not in `Running` or `Completed` status, you need to investigate further.
```

> If it appears that something has not deployed properly or fully, you can run a [diagnostic bundle][diag-bundle]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it appears that something has not deployed properly or fully, run a [diagnostic bundle][diag-bundle]:
```

```bash
dkp diagnose
```

> This collects information from pods and infrastructure. Read [more about generating a support bundle and the different configurations that it supports][diag-bundle].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This collects information from pods and infrastructure. For more information, see [more about generating a support bundle and the different configurations that it supports][diag-bundle].
```
